------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Blast! Library Status - Copyright (c) 1998 by Andrew L. Ayers - 08/12/98
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
!UPDATE!  !UPDATE!  !UPDATE!  !UPDATE!  !UPDATE!  !UPDATE!  !UPDATE!  !UPDATE!

As you can tell - I haven't did anything with the Blast! Library in a while -
in fact, I am sure many of you are rejoicing that I put it up on my web page,
after saying I would for so long (hey, better late than never)...

Anyhow, I have decided against doing any more with the Blast! Library - some
of you out there have created some interesting games with it - I am glad to
see that there are people using it. I never meant for this to be a commercial
development package - more as an experiment to show what can be done, as well
as for me to really learn how to integrate assembler and QB...

The reasons behind me abandoning the Blast! Library are numerous, but all of
them boil down to one thing only:

        DOS IS DEAD.

There you have it, out in the open. Why is DOS dead - well, due to the sucess
of the internet, and with more and more people coming online, and quite a few
of them *staying* online (that is, full time hookup), those people are in
need of robust security - down to the file locking level, similar to UNIX.
And on top of that, people are tired of having an application clobber thier
entire machine when it bombs. Windows 95 has helped, but many DOS apps were
still in use and being developed at the time it was released, so full DOS
compatibility was retained. The same is still true for Windows 98, but in
another couple of years or so, the security functionality of NT will be in
place on consumer level Windows - and if any of you have ever tried to run
the Blast! Library on an NT box - you know it don't work, due to the pro-
tection by NT from an app being able to access the hardware directly. For
any real work to get done, you must go through the interfaces defined by
Windows NT.

There wasn't any real good alternative to QuickBasic/PB before now - but with
the advent of Visual Basic 5, things have changed. There are many libraries
out there dealing with interfacing to OpenGL from VB, as well as DirectX.
Some of these are even free! So, you get all of the advantages of a compiled
language, all of the speed (and it is definitely there - check out my 3D
engine Prometheus), OpenGL/DirectX interfacing (which gives you access to
your 3D accelerator - you do have one, don't you?), and full memory access
(no 640K limit in VB). How could you ask for more?

You may be saying to yourself - "But Andrew, that is all good and fine, but I
am only a kid (or student, or whatever) and I can't afford VB5!" - nonsense!
Asside from if you are a kid (beg your parents, man!), VB5 can be had for
about $150 from college bookstores (student discount - most don't check ID),
it can be found for bidding on EBAY (www.ebay.com - best place I have found
to buy ANYTHING), and they should start to almost give it away, now that VB6
is available. So look for it - price it out on the net - you may be suprised!

One last note on the last topic - if you are a kid, beg your parents for it.
Surely they can see that you are up all night coding your brains out - doing
cool things and making your friends ohh and ahh. Are your grades improving
because of your coding? Do the teachers ask YOU for help? Tell your parents!
Let them know that this "computer thing" is not a "phase" you are going
through, and that you are serious about being the next guy to make it big.
But you had better be serious. I started out with a TRS-80 COCO 2 with 16 K
of ram and a tape drive to save code on, when I was 11 - but I was still ser-
ious. I am still coding now - 14 years later (damn, I am OLD!). If your par-
ents still don't understand, tell them to drop me a line. I pity them if they
still don't get it...

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

So what is next? Well, I am working only on VB 5 stuff - and having a ball
doing it! I am also experimenting further with low-cost, "garage" VR, and
putting all of my findings up on my page for all to enjoy. I have given
thought on creating a version (I use that term VERY loosely) of the Blast!
Library for VB 5 - it probably won't use assembler anywhere. A little C code
might be involved - I don't know. Many others have done DirectX/OpenGL libs
for free before me, which lets me get down to what I really want to do - game
design and coding. So watch my page and see what happens...

                                           Andrew L. Ayers - August 12, 1998

------------------------------------------------------------------------------


